if one card rods half rods full rod
or goblet how to recognize them before
buy them in your garden center or
at your nursery in principle the
fruit trees are made with
different forms then I have you
talked about the furrows of the half cups
stems of the cards if I have a little bit
lost with all this the simplest it is
already understand that these are
trees that are grafted to
nurseries and according to the age according to the
size they will have shapes
different
let's go right to work
practices the grooves in trees
fruit trees are one to two weapons
years they were grafted to the base and we
just ends up with a rod but this
are trees that remain to be trained
you can train them into rods
goblet if you wish or why
not in palm is provided that it is
grafted onto a weak graft
force in principle the paths are
trees that are sold at prices
down in the supermarket the
goblets or that they they are
trees whose trunk makes a minimum of
60 cm you can find smaller ones
in principle it's the size that was
required to have a nice goblins to
goblet in principle three or four
years of which they are already trained trees
so the advantage is that they are
pretty low trees by the time you go
able to pick the fruits and well you
will have the fruits roughly at the same
height would almost even not
need to scale the disadvantage it's
that these are branches that will you
annoy if for example you plant your
goblet in the middle of a lawn when
you will spend with your lawnmower
you will always be bored at the time of
passage 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 between 8 and 10
meters it's the right distance when
you're planting trees full of wind
Plains stems so they do more
one meter eighty author
the benefits of these trees is that we
can always turn around you are
not bothered by his branches and if you
own a micro tractor unit
mower that will allow you to mow
at the foot of your tree without being disturbed
by the branches only you will have
need a ladder to go pick
fruits a fruit tree because of
stems or 2010 the big difference it's
the height of the trunk a quarter of stems
measure between 40 and 60 cm of author here
seized nasri
and it is grafted to 50 cm in height
the advantage is that it is a low tree
you can easily pick his
fruit the inconvenience a little bit like
the goblets and well if in the middle
of a lawn but you will always be
bored with the branches that were going
that may happen in your eyes
the half stems and still more where he
is grafted 130 cm high between
110 and 140 cm of author so it will be
much easier to be able to
circulate around to pick the fruits
you will need a stepladder anyway
since the twigs will be at a
certain height between capturing 5 m or 6
meters depending on the species of your tree a
another very important criterion is the
trunk circumference and I said well
the circumference
when you sell a tree there is a
circumference 6 8 8 10 10 12 12 14 ce
are dimensions of the circumference
from deception to one meter from the ground here he
this is a 6.8
so it's a young tree so he goes
report in four or five years
will give some apples but no longer the
diameter is bigger the faster you will
fruits also beware when
you buy a tree when it is in
skin and well will be anyway
buried so your tree are you going
lose between 20 and 30 cm of author that he
it is a furrow of a quarter of stem
half a stem of a goblet or a
rod at the moment you go you
to procure this weapon
check the condition of its branches
branches should be well fed
if the branches are dry it's a
tree that died from before and these are
often trees found in
premises overheated